Estun Automation (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code 002747) was established in 2024. It has always adhered to the business development philosophy of openness, innovation, struggle and mutual growth, and adhered to the development path of independent research and development of core technologies; based in China, Integrate global talent resources, promote international development strategies, provide high-quality products and intelligent complete solutions to global customers, and promote China's intelligent manufacturing brands to become world-renowned. After more than 30 years of development, ESTUN has always adhered to the "ALL Made by ESTUN" strategy and built a complete industrial ecological chain for intelligent manufacturing based on autonomous motion control and robotic core technologies. With in-depth insights into market demand and combined with innovative technologies, we have successfully cultivated three core businesses: industrial automation products, robots and intelligent manufacturing systems, and industrial digital products - providing the world's leading automation, intelligence, and digital complete solutions. As a pioneer in the field of AC servo and motion control in China, Eston has built a complete motion control solution. The product series comprehensively covers: information layer - control layer - drive layer - execution layer. The rich products include: high-precision multi-axis Motion controller, 50W-200kW AC servo system, inverter, PLC, touch screen, machine vision, sensor and other products. And working with the global team to create the world's top ten motion control brands - TRIO. ESTUN has always adhered to the strategy of ALL Made by ESTUN and insisted on system-level forward research and development. The autonomy rate of core robot components has reached more than 95%. It has a full series covering 3-700kg load and 76 industrial robot products. In the Chinese market, the shipment volume of Eston robots has ranked first among domestic brands for many years. In automobiles, photovoltaics, lithium batteries, metal processing, electronic manufacturing, building materials and home furnishings, logistics packaging, food, tobacco and alcohol, rail transit, engineering machinery, Segmented industries such as special vehicles, shipbuilding and offshore engineering, and aerospace have joined hands with industry leading brands to create benchmark production lines and factories for intelligent manufacturing. Among them, the "Photovoltaic Typesetting Robot" created by Eston for the photovoltaic industry won the 2023 national individual championship honor. Focusing on the digital application needs of smart factories, Estun has fully extended upward to create complete digital solutions for the entire life cycle, providing digital products and services in production line design, simulation and verification, integrated delivery, smart factory operation and maintenance, and other aspects. Eston has built the E-Noesis cloud platform to provide digital functions covering process quality inspection and optimization, fault warning analysis, remote operation and maintenance, etc., making various data such as equipment parameters, process parameters, production capacity and quality transparent, and providing users with digital core competitiveness. Estun actively deploys the global industrial chain, owns TRIO from the UK, CLOOS from Germany, and M.A.i. from Germany, and works with global partners to create a growth-oriented cooperation ecosystem and achieve global service and support. Estun currently has 75 service outlets around the world and has safety certifications such as CE and UL that comply with international standards. At the same time, Eston uses Nanjing as its R&D center, integrates global R&D resources from Germany, the UK, and the United States, and establishes a R&D team with internationally leading capabilities to continue to provide complete digital solutions to global customers. In the future, Eston will continue to adhere to the business philosophy of creating value for customers and helping customers grow, focusing on segmented industry solutions and featured products, providing more competitive digital complete solutions for the industry, and creating a path with Eston characteristics. path of development.